Mobile, Internet, TV, Home Monitoring, Home phone - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Previous Days to Save is on Now! Pair Home Internet and 5G Mobile each starting from $50/mo.* * Mobile after Auto-Pay Discount and when paired with Ignite Internet. Shop MobileShop Internet Limited time offer Our ultimate Caribbean travel plan is here Now, roam at no additional cost to the Caribbean with our 5G Infinite Premium plan. View plansLearn more Unbelievable Savings! Ignite Internet starting at $50 Days to Save is back. Get our most reliable fibre-powered internet. Ignite Internet 150 is now only $50/mo. Shop Internet 3% cash back value When you redeem with Rogers Exclusively for Rogers customers Learn more Next Pause Go to slide 1 Go to slide 2 Go to slide 3 Go to slide 4 Mobile TV Internet Home Security Deals Mobile Bundles Internet Home Security Days to save! Save on your fave with the iPhone 15 Trade in your iPhone 13 and get the iPhone 15 128GB for as low as $48.38 $0/mo (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months on select plans with financing and Upfront Edge when you return your device within 2 years. Trade in available in-store only. Full price: $1,161 Learn more Days to Save! Launch into savings with Samsung Galaxy S24! Trade in an eligible Samsung device in any condition and upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy S24 128GB for $56.61 $0/mo (after bill credit, plus taxes) for 24 months with financing and Upfront Edge when you return your device within 2 years. In-store only. $0 down on approved credit, 0% interest Full price: $1358.49 Learn more Days to Save! Get up to 50% lower monthly payments on a new phone No interest, no mobile term contract needed. Only with the Rogers credit card. Plus 3% cash back value when you redeem with Rogers. Exclusively for Rogers customers. Learn more View all offers Surf, watch and save big! Get the ultimate entertainment experience with an Ignite TV + Internet Bundle. Starting at $100/mo on a 24-month term. Shop now More reasons to choose Rogers Our 5G Network Get on the Rogers 5G Network. Learn more about Canada's Largest and Most Reliable 5G Network along with the benefits of 5G. Learn more 5G plans that fit your needs Get 5G access on Rogers 5G mobile plans and choose from a range of specialized plans for parents of kids and teens, 55+, students and newcomers. Learn more Our Most Reliable Fibre-Powered Internet Experience our most reliable fibre-powered internet, backed by our Ignite WiFi Satisfaction Guarantee. Learn more 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee Choose Rogers with confidence thanks to our 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee. Enjoy your new service or get a refund on your setup and monthly fees, if you cancel within the first 30 days. Learn more My Rogers, On the Go. Manage your account, check your usage or upgrade your device anytime, anywhere. undefined